Previously on
Sons of Anarchy–
GEMMA: You hiding
something from me?
This fell out of one of
Abel’s coloring books.
Letters
from John Teller
would be very painful.
Could set things off
with Clay again.
The history that
Tara and Piney know,
very dangerous.
CLAY:
These are copies.
I searched her whole office–
all she had.
What are you going to do?
I’m going to protect
both of us.
I’ll have the coke ready
for you for the run back.
Thirty kilos of uncut
Colombian cocaine.
Have him pull a sample
from the load.
A couple grams.
If he gets caught,
they’ll kill him.
That’s the point.
That shipment that
you muled out of Tucson?
String-puller–
He wants a sample.
We connect the cartel,
leave SAMCRO out of it.
(door rattling)
OPIE:
Juice? You in there, man?
Jesus, you took it?
Shit, Juice.
- Here.
- (gunshot)
(screams)
CHIBS:
Juicy boy caught him.
Good work, Juicy.
Yeah.
The thief–
Put him deep, no marker.
Oh, my God, I am heartily
sorry for having
offended you...
and I detest all my sins
not because of your
just punishments,
but most of all
because they offended you,
my God,
and who are all good
and deserving
of all your love.
I firmly resolve,
with the help of your grace,
to sin no more...
and to avoid
the near occasions
of sin.
(children chattering)
Could this be someone
at work? A patient?
Something happen to a kid?
You really think this
has anything to do with my work?
We should call Jax.
(footsteps)
- I’m calling the police.
- GEMMA: No, no!
If this is the club, you get
that new sheriff involved,
everyone gets hurt.
I’m gonna give Unser
a call too.
This is a death threat,
Gemma, delivered
to my front door.
(exhales)
I know.
Let’s, uh–
Let’s get you and
the kids to the compound,
make sure you’re safe.
Normal people call
the authorities
when their lives are threatened.
You don’t have
a normal life, baby.
You have this one.
(whistles)
♪♪ (Mexican)
(barking)
What,
do you own the block?
They cooperate.
PD keeps its distance.
Come on.
I’ll give you the tour.
♪♪ (continues)
(chuckles)
Put the ammo here.
♪♪ (hip-hop)
Holy shit.
That is a lot of coke.
Let me show you
distribution.
RAT BOY:
Yeah, tortillas.
That’s embracing
the stereotype, man.
How many dealers?
Twenty-eight.
Looking to triple that,
get into the prisons
by the end of the year.
(phone vibrating)
What about
your "H" trade?
Prison demand
is steady.
Street buy is slow.
- It all goes in cycles, man.
- (quietly)
I’m comin’, right now.
Hey, we got to go.
It’s Tara.
Someone put a death threat
in her car.
What?
Jesus Christ.
Where is she, man?
Gemma called Chibs and Ope,
getting ’em to TM.
(tires screeching)
TIG:
Get down, get down!
(machine-gun fire)
(grunts)
(shouting in Spanish)
Down! Get down!
(tires screeching)
(dog barking)
JAX:
I’m on the shooter!
- All right, all right!
- (engine revs)
(tires screeching)
(horn honking)
You okay?
Put someone
with my wife and kid.
How far
is your shot doc?
Not too far.
Him? Shit.
You guys follow us.
Call Tara.
(grunting)
Get up, brother.
Let’s go.
(Abel crying)
Okay,
we’ll meet you there.
Daddy!
It’s all right,
darlin’.
(Abel screaming)
Daddy!
CHIBS: Oh, come on.
Bring your
medical bag.
Daddy!
See, there’s your mommy.
Look, yeah. It’s okay.
Oh, sweetie.
- Daddy, Daddy!
- Shit.
♪ Riding through this world ♪
♪ All alone ♪
♪ God takes your soul ♪
♪ You’re on your own ♪
♪ The crow flies straight ♪
♪ A perfect line ♪
♪ On the devil’s bed ♪
♪ Until you die ♪
♪ Gotta look this life ♪
♪ In the eye ♪♪
♪ Well, I’m a gangster,
1934 ♪
♪ Junkies, winos,
pimps and whores ♪
♪ And all your men,
women and kids
best get out the way ♪
♪ I just left your town ♪
♪ Took all your loot ♪
♪ Bought a pink carnation
and a pinstripe suit ♪
♪ A hopped-up V8 Ford
and some two-tone shoes ♪
♪ And I’m already gone ♪
(shouting in Spanish)
(indistinct)
♪ I left a pool
of blood and sorrow ♪
- ♪ I’ve got
the machine gun blues ♪♪
- Drop it! Drop it!
(shouts)
(tires screeching)
Shit.
(car horn honks)
Where’s Jax?
Went after the shooter.
What shooter?
- Con cuidado, hermano.
- Te vamos ayudar, jefe.
Jesus.
- Vas a estar bien.
- Get him
into the clubhouse.
What the hell
happened?
(sighs)
Bad morning.
Jesus.
Someone left it
in her car.
See what you can find out
about that.
Is the club
watching her?
Yeah, she won’t
leave our sight.
Okay, I’ll, uh–
I’ll dig into this.
Here, man, that’ll help.
Thank you.
(door opens)
Why aren’t you
at the warehouse?
Chibs told me
to come back.
We’re on lockdown.
Who’s there?
Hap, Rat, and V-Lin.
Why?
(sighs)
Let’s get Tacoma down here,
all right?
Head back up there.
Take a couple AR’s with you.
Yeah, okay.
Keep the pressure
on it.
- CLAY: How is Tara?
- GEMMA: Scared.
Think the threat’s
real?
I don’t know.
This thing
with Alvarez–
Is it connected?
I don’t know
that either.
Where’s Lyla
and the kids?
Kids are with Mary.
Called the house,
Lyla’s not there.
- She’s got to be at work.
- Go get her.
All right,
call my old man.
He’s either at the house
or the cabin.
I’m with Ope.
You got any idea
who this was?
Some guy
that wanted me dead.
TARA:
He almost got his wish.
Two more inches, he would
have hit an artery. Okay.
It’s a local.
It’ll help a little.
(sighs)
Thanks.
(panting)
What happened to you?
Jax was very concerned.
Ask them.
I have to disinfect.
She found a note
in her car.
- Death threat.
- Death threat?
ALVAREZ: Shit.
What?
Been hearing rumors.
Galindo lost
a hit squad last week.
Found ’em butchered and burned.
So you’re saying that
this could be the other cartel?
Lobo Sonora?
No, this is some turf shit
that came over the border,
or Romeo
would’ve given us
the heads up, no?
Targeting families is
what drug cartels do.
(gloves snapping)
(phone ringing)
Go.
Jax.
Jackie boy,
you all right?
I’m fine. Is Tara safe?
Oh, yeah, she’s right here,
patching up Alvarez.
Okay, I followed
the shooters to Fruitvale–
28th and Neal.
I got one of them.
Got the building and the car.
Not sure of the apartment.
All right,
we’re on the way.
Hey, call Laroy.
Tell him we might need
some backup.
Call Laroy.
Aye.
TARA:
Can I talk to him?
Gemma–
Thank you.
- Hey, are you okay?
- Yeah. Are you?
Well, I’m wrist deep
in Mr. Alvarez’s
shoulder cartilage.
Thank you.
Tara, you do not leave
that compound.
Okay.
I love you.
I got to go.
(thud)
(chattering in Spanish)
(chattering continues)
(helicopter whirs)
(panting, grunts)
Rafi, Pedro,
get the crew.
They should be with the Sons
to track those putos.
No, no, no.
You need these guys
to hold down your shit.
I got a call into Laroy.
We’re gonna handle it.
Sheriff’s here.
He’s looking for Tara.
Jesus.
Who told you
someone made a threat?
It was
an anonymous tip.
Well, I’m fine.
Are you sure?
You seem a little unnerved.
Rough surgery
this morning.
Yeah, well,
I hope they pulled through.
Yes.
We can help you.
You know that, right?
I appreciate that.
Want me to leave
a few of my men here?
(scoffs)
No. That won’t
be necessary.
Give us a call
if you need anything.
Okay?
All right.
Mr. Ortiz,
your P.O. called.
He wants you to take
a piss test.
When?
Now.
Follow me back.
This is bullshit.
Go.
Last thing in the world we want
is this prick coming back here.
(engine starting)
Everything okay?
Yeah.
He must have caught wind
of the threat.
I told him
it was nothing.
Good girl.
(motorcycle engine revving)
♪♪ (pop)
Hey.
MAN:
That’s a cut on rehearsal.
OPIE:
You need to pick up Piper,
come back to the compound.
- Why?
- Some shit went down.
It’s just safer.
(chuckles)
I’m working.
I can’t just leave.
All right.
I’ll have one of the prospects
come by, bring you back.
What happened?
Why are you worried?
Somebody left a note
in Tara’s car.
Kind of a threat.
Kind of?
A death threat.
Shit.
(phone ringing)
Don’t know if it’s real.
Just taking precautions.
(phone ringing)
See you later.
- (phone beeps on)
- Hey, man, are you okay?
What happened to you?
(sighs)
Ask your VP.
You’re saying
Jax did this?
- I’m working, so–
- Whoa, whoa.
You didn’t happen to put a note
in his old lady’s car
by any chance?
What are you
talking about?
Somebody threatened–
No, I swear.
I did not do anything.
OPIE:
Yo. Jax called.
Got to go.
- (people moaning)
- Did you see her?
(moaning)
Your two days are up.
Yeah.
Where’s your sample?
Where’s the guy
who can help me?
Right now,
I’m that guy.
No.
What’s going on with you?
I’m just tired of
playing "Who’s your daddy?"
I’ll bring you the sample...
when I meet the guy
who can make the deal.
I saw one of ’em pull
a big-ass bag from the car.
Probably more weapons.
Okay, second floor,
end apartment.
Where the hell’s Laroy?
I called him.
He should be here.
We got to do this now.
Before they split
or more show up.
What are you thinking?
There’s an entrance
off the balcony around back.
I was thinking,
me, Chibs and Ope.
You lot take the front.
We’ll call when we’re ready.
All right.
Hey, let’s go silent.
Yeah.
(beeps)
We gonna do this?
♪♪ (hip-hop in Spanish)
Okay, on ten.
One, two–
...seven, eight...
...ten.
(overlapping shouting)
- Freeze! Freeze!
Get down on your knees!
- Get down!
(women and babies crying)
- What the–
- Clear.
(babies crying)
(baby crying)
JAX:
Get the kids
out of here.
Okay, come on, come on.
Give me that baby.
Get up, get up. Give me.
Come on, get up.
Come on. Take this.
Take this little girl,
Come on.
Come on, attaboy.
All the way out.
All the way.
That’s it. That’s it.
He was the driver.
Where’s the other shooter?
Where is the other shooter?
(speaking Spanish)
I’m assuming none of us
picked up any Spanish
in Stockton.
Great.
You speak English?
Huh?
(crying)
No.
No? Well, okay.
How about now?
Okay.
What are you all doing here?
(crying)
We live here.
(overlapping shouts
and screaming)
JAX:
Hey! Relax!
Hey! No. Calm down.
It’s okay.
We’re not gonna hurt you, bro.
We just want to ask you
some questions.
Translate.
He won’t listen.
He doesn’t care.
Why?
Who is he?
(shouting)
- Don’t–
- (gunshot, screaming)
No!
(baby crying)
My sister!
(sobbing)
Jesus Christ!
Get him up.
Get him up!
Oh, man, oh, man.
(man sobbing)
I ain’t kidding, bro.
Tell me who you are.
Come on. Come on.
I live here.
We’re not illegals.
Me and my sister
are from Sonora.
(sobbing)
Lobo.
They said if we didn’t do it,
that they would kill my family.
My family’s down there.
(child crying in distance)
Better call
your friend Romeo.
We got to go.
We got to go, bro.
Come on.
Is he gonna make it?
Yeah.
Look.
Can I talk to you?
Mm-hmm.
What do you know
about a cartel?
Should I ask Alvarez?
(exhales)
All I know is they’re
selling them guns.
Are there drugs
involved?
Shit.
The note, is that–
Is that the cartel
threatening me?
Not sure.
Oh, my God.
Look, the club is not
gonna let anything
happen to you.
The club is why everything
is happening to me!
To my famil...
I can’t believe
I signed off
on this shit.
Signed off on what?
I got to get
cleaned up.
He’s not gonna
give me the sample
until he meets you.
And I can’t risk exposure
until I have that sample.
Have him
meet you on the street
with the coke.
Tell him
the deal maker will be there,
then bust him for possession.
Are you kidding?
That’s entrapment.
It’s an outlaw with a couple
of grams of blow getting
pulled over by a sheriff.
I am not going dirty
to expedite your agenda.
Trashing the MC clubhouse,
what was that,
a fire drill?
That was tactical.
This is criminal.
You want to tie up Juice
on a bullshit bust...
do it yourself.
I’m done.
I still need you, Eli.
And I really
don’t relish the idea
of calling your superiors.
A formal complaint from
the United States District
Attorney’s Office–
How’s that going to look
in your jacket?
Oh.
Hey.
Where’s Tara?
In the apartment,
cleaning up.
You guys okay?
Yeah.
She knows about
the drugs.
And the cartel.
Not from me.
Aw, shit.
Okay.
What happened?
It’s done.
- How’s he?
- All patched up.
You guys need anything?
No. We’re good.
I didn’t know the drugs
were gonna be part of the guns.
Hmm.
Was that Clay?
Yeah.
The deal we had to make was...
It was complicated.
He can’t be
trusted, Jax.
Clay is protecting
this club.
Clay protects himself.
(scoffs)
This is two weeks into it.
What happens in
two months, a year?
(exhales)
We got the shooters.
Lobo Sonora.
I think Galindo’s rival’s
making a play
in Northern Cali.
I talked to Romeo.
Said it was a shot
off the bow.
Lobo making noise.
Luis is coming up
with a few of his guys,
make sure
it all dies quietly.
What about the, uh, note
left for Jax’s old lady?
He said it’s not
their style.
Lobo would’ve written the note
in her kid’s blood.
(exhales)
Hey, thanks for
handling this, huh?
Just paying back
a debt, bro.
Meet me off Howard,
the same place
that we met before.
You bring the sample,
and I will bring the guy
that makes the deal.
When?
Now.
I made some calls.
No other doctors in the area
have been threatened.
Did she tell Margaret,
hospital security?
No.
Last thing we need
is that bitch
setting this on fire.
Think maybe
it’s club-related?
No. Had nothing to do
with our business.
Are you sure?
Yeah.
- Think this is
some kind of game?
- I’m certain it ain’t that.
Crawl back into your
little shit hole, Wayne.
You leave this alone.
Don’t get in my way anymore.
(door closes)
(vehicle approaching)
(police radio)
Put your hands up
against the car.
What the hell
are you doing?
What are you...
You are under arrest
for the possession of cocaine.
(handcuffs ratcheting)
BOBBY:
Clay. Samtaz called.
Armando’s MIA since last night.
[ Chibs ]
Yeah.
Tucson’s worried.
Get Jax and Ope.
(sighs)
(whistles)
Good work. Thank you.
Now what?
Now we have leverage.
I test this.
We tie it to Galindo.
Then we see if Juice
feels like cooperating.
And what if he doesn’t
feel like it?
We yell
to the underworld
that he’s working with us.
He stole from his own club.
If that doesn’t motivate him,
we move forward
on possession charges.
And we send him
back to Stockton
an unprotected rat.
That sounds terrifying.
You love this shit,
don’t you?
I like you, Eli.
You’re a good man,
straight shooter.
I know this is difficult
for you.
Tell Juice
about the leverage.
Cut him loose.
His fear will...
multiply exponentially
around his brothers.
(door closes)
Hi, baby.
Hi, baby. Come on.
Yo.
Where’s Lyla
and Piper?
I was waiting
for her, dude.
Nanny dropped off the kid.
She was changing...
Where is she?
She ducked out.
Lost me.
Sorry.
Go.
(sighs)
I don’t know
what they, uh...
what they want from you.
But at this point...
you have no choice.
You have to cooperate,
Juice.
(sighs)
Doesn’t matter.
TIG: Yeah. All right.
We need to bring Juice
up to speed on this.
Yeah, let me see
where he’s at.
How was the piss?
Clean.
Bobby wants to bounce
some stuff off of you.
Okay.
Hey.
Where you going?
Juice!
Is he okay?
(door slams)
I don’t know.
I’ll be right back.
Yeah?
I’m a bit worried
about Juice.
Worried how?
This thing with Miles,
the sheriff riding him.
Boy’s checked out.
We got to pull him
off this cartel shit.
Send him in, will you?
Yeah.
What’s up?
Shut the door.
(sighs)
Have a seat.
No, over here.
You know, most days this life
is just riding around,
getting shit done.
Some days it’s more than that.
Some days we ask our guys
to do shit very few men
could do.
That’s what this means.
Way you handled the Russians,
this hard thing with Miles.
I’m proud of you.
Thanks.
But now you need
to put it behind you.
You understand me?
Yeah.
Yeah, okay.
Hey...
you earned this.
I love you, son.
I love you.
Now, head back up
to the warehouse.
Tacoma should be there
by now.
Just make sure
you keep ’em
on their toes.
Right.
She split.
Sorry, bro.
Talked to Luis.
He’s on his way up here
with a few guys.
Any word on Armando?
No.
Could have been picked up
by state police.
Tucson’s into it.
JAX:
Kozik will be down
next week with the guns.
I gave him the heads up,
told him to keep his eyes open
on the ride.
Well, we’d better
do more than
keep our eyes open.
Lobo Sonora knew exactly
where to hit the Mayans.
That makes us
the next target.
And if we are,
we’ll handle it.
Like Alvarez
handled it?
You know, instead of
sitting on your fat ass...
complaining about all
the shit I’m doing wrong,
why don’t you do something
that actually helps
this goddamn club?
Yeah,
like calling a vote?
Little late for that.
I’m not talking
about the cartel.
Officer challenge.
Your leadership is
compromising this club.
I want a vote.
New president.
Second.
Get Juice
and Happy back here.
Call Kozik and Piney
and get their proxies.
We vote this shit tonight.
(kicks object)
(phone ringing)
(line ringing)
I trust you know
how to use this.
Yes, ma’am.
I’m going to bed.
Good night, ma’am.
Don’t call me ma’am.
Excuse me.
Mr. Unser.
I was hoping I could
walk you to your car,
bend your ear a bit.
Sure.
♪ Southern trees
bear a strange fruit ♪
♪ Blood on the leaves
and blood at the root ♪
♪ Black bodies swinging
in the southern breeze ♪
♪ Strange fruit hanging
from the poplar trees ♪
We’re safe, babe.
I promise.
♪ Pastoral scene
of the gallant south ♪
Rat, stay awake.
♪ The bulging eyes
and the twisted mouth ♪
(door closes)
♪ Scent of magnolias,
sweet and fresh ♪
♪ Then the sudden smell
of burning flesh ♪
Trying to get
a hold of Juice.
He ain’t picking up his cell,
and I called the warehouse.
He never showed up.
Shit.
I’m heading up there.
Come on.
I’m with you.
♪ Here is fruit
for the crows to pluck ♪
♪ For the rain to gather
For the wind to suck ♪
♪ For the sun to rot,
for the trees to drop ♪
♪ Here is a strange
and bitter crop ♪♪
(gasping)
(branch cracks)
(body thuds)